# DriverPass

For this project I had to design a system for DriverPass that would help driving students pass there driving exams. This system would allow users to sign into their respective profiles to review their current progress as well as take practice tests and exams. They would also have the ability to request a drive-along with an instructor. While doing this project I felt that I did really well on making the diagrams, particularly the use case, sequence, and activity diagrams. The class diagram I would like to go over and revise, as I feel it could be improved on. I also believe that my initial requirements document could be improved on as well with added detail to some sections that I felt less confident in.

While working on this project I interpreted the users needs primarily through the meeting transcript provided. I made sure to include anything that was specifically requested, for example the ability to disable packages, if not having the ability to completely remove them without support. This is important to consider when designing a system because if the users needs are not met then they would not be happy or satisfied with the system presented. 

While working on this project, approaching it started with understanding who I was designing the system for and exactly what problem they are trying to solve with the system. I then determine what the system needs to function as requested and without problems. This seems like a simple way to start with designing a system and give me a lot of information to begin with in creating the system requested.
